W-16716183 MuleSoft AI Chain Connector (#2706)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: mulesoft-ai-chain/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= MuleSoft AI Chain Connector 1.0 - Mule 4

> Anypoint Connector for MuleSoft AI Chain (MuleSoft AI Chain Connector) helps developers design, build and manage AI agents within Anypoint Platform. It provides the tools and support to integrate Large Language Models (LLMs), vector stores, and other advanced AI services into MuleSoft applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for MuleSoft AI Chain (MuleSoft AI Chain Connector) helps developers design, build, and manage AI agents within Anypoint Platform. It provides the tools and support to integrate Large Language Models (LLMs), vector stores, and other advanced AI services into MuleSoft applications.
```

MuleSoft AI Chain Connector supports 15 operations, categorized into:

* Agent
* Chat
* Embeddings
* Image generation
* RAG
* Sentiment
* Tools 

 

> For information about compatibility and fixed issues, see the MuleSoft AI Chain Connector Release Notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about compatibility and fixed issues, see the MuleSoft AI Chain Connector release notes.
```

 
== Before You Begin

To use this connector, you must be familiar with:

* Anypoint Connectors
* Mule runtime engine (Mule)
* Elements and global elements in a Mule flow
* How to create a Mule app using Anypoint Code Builder or Anypoint Studio

Before creating an app, you must have:

> * Java Development Kit (JDK) 17

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Java 17
```

* Apache Maven
* Credentials to access the MuleSoft AI Chain Connector target resource
* Anypoint Platform
* The latest versions of Anypoint Code Builder or Anypoint Studio

== Common Use Cases for the Connector

=== Agent Operations

Some common use cases for Agent operations include:

* Customer Service Agents
+

> Enhance customer service by providing case summaries, case classifications, summarizing large datasets, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhance customer service by providing case summaries, case classifications, large dataset summaries, and more.
```

* Sales Operation Agents
+
Assist sales teams in writing sales emails, summarizing cases for specific accounts, assessing the probability of closing deals, and more.
* Marketing Agents
+
Support marketing teams in generating product descriptions, creating newsletters, planning social media campaigns, and more.

=== Chat Operations

Some common use cases for Chat operations include: 

* Basic chatbots that answer simple user prompts.
* Customer service queries that provide direct answers to frequently asked questions.
* Customer support chats that retain the context of the ongoing support conversations.
* Multi-user chat applications that maintain the conversation history for different users.

> * Personal Assistants that keep track of user interactions to provide more relevant responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Personal assistants that keep track of user interactions to provide more relevant responses.
```

> === Embedding Operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Embeddings Operations
```

> Some common use cases for Embedding operations include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some common use cases for Embeddings operations include:
```

> * Create a new in-memory vector store for storing document embeddings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Creating a new in-memory vector store for storing document embeddings.
```

> * Export an in-memory embedding to a physical file for persistence across sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Exporting an in-memory embedding to a physical file for persistence across sessions.
```

> * Querying a knowledge store with a plain text prompt and receive a refined response powered by an LLM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Querying a knowledge store with a plain text prompt and receiving a refined response powered by an LLM.
```

* Retrieving and interpreting data from documents in an embedding store, with enhanced context from the LLM.

> * Add documents like PDFs and text files into an embedding store for future retrieval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding documents, such as PDFs and text files, into an embedding store for future retrieval.
```

> * Add a folder for documents like PDFs and text files into an embedding store for future retrieval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding a folder for documents, such as PDFs and text files, into an embedding store for future retrieval.
```

> * Ingest documents from a specific directory into an in-memory embedding store for contextual analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ingesting documents from a specific directory into an in-memory embedding store for contextual analysis.
```

> * Query a vector store for specific information using semantic search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Querying a vector store for specific information using semantic search.
```

> * Retrieve multiple relevant documents or text segments from an embedding store based on a given prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Retrieving multiple relevant documents or text segments from an embedding store based on a given prompt.
```

=== Image Generation Operations

Some common use cases for Image operations include:

* Analyzing images in business reports, presentations, or customer service scenarios.
* Generating content describing images for blog posts, articles, or social media.
* Extracting visual insights from images in research or design projects.
* Creating visuals for marketing and advertising campaigns based on specific descriptions.
* Generating images for blog posts, articles, or social media based on given prompts.

> * Prototyping and Design 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Prototyping and design, such as quickly generating concept images from textual descriptions.
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Quickly generate concept images from textual descriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

=== RAG Operations

> This operation is useful when you need to retrieve information from a document based on a plain text prompt. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) operations to retrieve information from a document based on a plain text prompt. 
```

Some common use cases for Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) operations include:

* Knowledge Management
+
Extract specific information from documents stored in a knowledge base.
* Customer Support 
+
Retrieve relevant data from customer service documents to assist with inquiries.
* Research
+

> Accessing information from research papers or documents based on specific queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access information from research papers or documents based on specific queries.
```

=== Sentiment Operations

> Sentimenet operations are particularly useful when you need to analyze the sentiment of text, such as for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use sentiment operations to analyze the sentiment of text, such as for:
```

* Customer Feedback Analysis
+
Determine whether customer feedback is positive, negative, or neutral.
* Social Media Monitoring
+
Analyze the sentiment of social media posts or comments to gauge public opinion.
* Market Research
+
Assess the sentiment of survey responses or market research data.

=== Tools Operations

Some common use cases for Tools operations include:

* Automating Routine Tasks
+
Create autonomous agents that handle routine tasks by calling appropriate APIs.
* Customer Support
+
Automate responses to common queries by integrating tools that provide necessary information.
* Inventory Management
+

> Use tools to check inventory levels or order status based on user prompts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check inventory levels or order status based on user prompts.
```

* Employee Management
+
Retrieve employee information or manage employee-related tasks through API calls.
* Sales and Marketing
+
Access CRM data or manage leads and accounts efficiently using predefined tools.

== Next Step

> include::connectors::partial$t-index-partial.adoc[tags=next-step]

Reviewer: You'll need to define the {lc-connector-name} variable in this .adoc for this link to work

= MuleSoft AI Chain Connector 1.0 - Mule 4

> :page-revdate: November 13, 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> :page-revdate: November 13, 2024

Reviewer: add :lc-connector-name: mulesoft ai chain 

for the Next Step link to work

= MuleSoft AI Chain Connector 1.0 - Mule 4

> Anypoint Connector for MuleSoft AI Chain (MuleSoft AI Chain Connector) helps developers design, build and manage AI agents within Anypoint Platform. It provides the tools and support to integrate Large Language Models (LLMs), vector stores, and other advanced AI services into MuleSoft applications.

Reviewer 2: "Anypoint Connector for MuleSoft AI Chain (MuleSoft AI Chain Connector)"

This reads oddly - the name should be the MuleSoft AI Chain Connector

Author: @rstastny9 The official naming convention for all MuleSoft connectors is Anypoint Connector for _____, then the short name in (). The only time we use the long name is in the first instance. Everywhere else it's just called MuleSoft AI Chain Connector.

MuleSoft AI Chain Connector supports 15 operations, categorized into:

* Agent
* Chat
* Embeddings
* Image generation
* RAG
* Sentiment
* Tools 

 
For information about compatibility and fixed issues, see the MuleSoft AI Chain Connector Release Notes.
 
== Before You Begin

To use this connector, you must be familiar with:

* Anypoint Connectors
* Mule runtime engine (Mule)
* Elements and global elements in a Mule flow
* How to create a Mule app using Anypoint Code Builder or Anypoint Studio

Before creating an app, you must have:

* Java Development Kit (JDK) 17
* Apache Maven
* Credentials to access the MuleSoft AI Chain Connector target resource
* Anypoint Platform
* The latest versions of Anypoint Code Builder or Anypoint Studio

> == Common Use Cases for the Connector

Reviewer 2: Wondering if we should have a short list of the top use cases for the connector at this level as opposed to requiring the user to drill into each individual operation to read more
